POLYOMINOHS! README AND INSTALLATION NOTES

COMPATIBILITY
This project was developed under Microsoft Windows XP (SP2) and Vista (SP1),
using Python 2.5.2. Backwards compatibility with versions of Python earlier
than 2.5 is not guaranteed. This project has not been tested on other operating
systems, however efforts to maximise platform cross-compatibility have been
made.

LIBRARIES
This application requires the pygame library to be installed. pygame can be
downloaded from http://www.pygame.org/, and should be installed as per the
instructions for your particular platform. No other modules or libraries
outside the standard Python library are required.

INSTALLATION
Simply extract the contents of this ZIP file to a directory, making sure to
maintain the directory structure of the ZIP file.

HOW TO RUN
To run the application, run the file main.pyw with Python. This can be done from
the command line or from Python's default GUI, IDLE. If one runs the
application from the command line, it should be run from within the directory
in which main.pyw resides. This ensures the relative paths to the application's
resources directory function correctly. No arguments or flags need to be passed
to main.py.

NOTES
Despite its name, the config.py file contains no user-editable configuration
settings. However, if one knows what they are doing and is experiencing errors,
adjusting paths or settings within config.py may provide help.

LICENSE
This project is released under the following modified version of the MIT
License:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.